readme.md, before:

# cli-styles 🕶

This project aims to bring a **consistent look to CLI apps**. It provides:

- styles of showing user input (`default`, `password`, `invisible`)
- indicators for the status of a prompt (`?`, `✔`, `✖`)
- a prompt delimiter (`›`)

***Note*: This project *is not* a prompt or a command line executable, it intends to standardize interfaces of CLI tools.**

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cli-styles.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-styles)
[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/derhuerst/cli-styles)
[![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)](https://david-dm.org/derhuerst/cli-styles#info=dependencies)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)


## Prompts using *cli-styles*

- [`date-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/date-prompt)
- [`mail-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/mail-prompt)
- [`multiselect-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/multiselect-prompt)
- [`number-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/number-prompt)
- [`range-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/range-prompt)
- [`select-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/select-prompt)
- [`text-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/text-prompt)
- [`tree-select-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/tree-select-prompt)
- [`cli-autocomplete`](https://github.com/derhuerst/cli-autocomplete)
- [`switch-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/switch-prompt)


## Installing

```
npm install cli-styles
```


## Usage

See [the source](index.js)


## Contributing

If you **have a question**, **found a bug** or want to **propose a feature**, have a look at [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/cli-styles/issues).

Commit message:

Patreon badge, code style :shirt:, Node 8 💚

readme.md, after:

# cli-styles 🕶

This project aims to bring a **consistent look to CLI apps**. It provides:

- styles of showing user input (`default`, `password`, `invisible`)
- indicators for the status of a prompt (`?`, `✔`, `✖`)
- a prompt delimiter (`›`)

***Note*: This project *is not* a prompt or a command line executable, it intends to standardize interfaces of CLI tools.**

`cli-styles` works well with [`prompt-skeleton`](https://github.com/derhuerst/prompt-skeleton).

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cli-styles.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-styles)
[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/derhuerst/cli-styles)
[![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)](https://david-dm.org/derhuerst/cli-styles#info=dependencies)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/cli-styles.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)
[![support me on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20me-on%20patreon-fa7664.svg)](https://patreon.com/derhuerst)


## Prompts using *cli-styles*

- [`date-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/date-prompt)
- [`mail-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/mail-prompt)
- [`multiselect-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/multiselect-prompt)
- [`number-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/number-prompt)
- [`range-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/range-prompt)
- [`select-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/select-prompt)
- [`text-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/text-prompt)
- [`tree-select-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/tree-select-prompt)
- [`cli-autocomplete`](https://github.com/derhuerst/cli-autocomplete)
- [`switch-prompt`](https://github.com/derhuerst/switch-prompt)


## Installing

```
npm install cli-styles
```


## Usage

See [the source](index.js)


## Contributing

If you **have a question**, **found a bug** or want to **propose a feature**, have a look at [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/cli-styles/issues).
